Document the new notifications (#880)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/search-performance-indexes/managing-indexes.adoc

The `DROP INDEX` command is optionally idempotent.
This means that its default behavior is to throw an error if an attempt is made to drop the same index twice.
With `IF EXISTS`, no error is thrown and nothing happens should the index not exist.

> Instead, an informational notification will be returned detailing that the index does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
label:new[Introduced in 5.17] Instead, an informational notification is returned detailing that the index does not exist.
```

multiple occurrences

edit: added label

DROP INDEX missing_index_name IF EXISTS
----

> If an index with that name exists it is removed, if not the command does nothing and an informational notification is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an index with that name exists it is removed, if not the command does nothing.
label:new[Introduced in 5.17] Additionally, an informational notification is returned.
```

edit: added label
